[PROF] Remove references to "Breakdown" feature (#26521)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/connect_traces_and_profiles.md

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="php" >}}

> The Trace to Profiling integration is enabled when you [turn on profiling for your PHP service][1] on `dd-trace-php` version 0.98+ and when you set the environment variable `DD_PROFILING_TIMELINE_ENABLED=1` or INI setting `datadog.profiling.timeline_enabled=1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Trace to Profiling integration is enabled when you [turn on profiling for your PHP service][1] when you meet the following criteria:
- You are on `dd-trace-php` version 0.98+
- You set the environment variable `DD_PROFILING_TIMELINE_ENABLED=1` or INI setting `datadog.profiling.timeline_enabled=1`
```

{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="php" >}}

> The Trace to Profiling integration is enabled when you [turn on profiling for your PHP service][1] when you meet the following criteria:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Trace to Profiling integration is enabled when you [turn on profiling for your PHP service][1] and meet the following criteria:
```

- You are on `dd-trace-php` version 0.98+

> - You set the environment variable `DD_PROFILING_TIMELINE_ENABLED=1` or INI setting `datadog.profiling.timeline_enabled=1`

Reviewer 2: Since `0.98.0` timeline is default enabled, but we had the case that a customer had it disabled and was missing the view. So maybe it's good to explicitly state this here

{{< img src="profiler/view_profile_from_trace.png" alt="Opening a view of the profile in a flame graph" >}}

> From the timline, click **Open in Profiling** to see the same data opened up in a new page. From there, you can change the visualization to a flame graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the timeline, click **Open in Profiling** to see the same data on a new page. From there, you can change the visualization to a flame graph.
```
